NEWS RELEASE from National Arts Centre, Ottawa

--------------------

Ottawa (Canada), Tuesday, March 9, 1999 
To mark the presentation of "Dracula" by Canada's Royal Winnipeg Ballet in
the Opera of the National Arts Centre, March 24-26,1999 at 20:00 there are
at least three places where you can spot...

"The Vampire Lady"

Elizabeth Miller, professor of Nineteenth Century Romantic and Gothic
Literature at Memorial University of Newfoundland, is now considered one
of the world's foremost authorities on Dracula. She has lectured on Bram
Stoker's novel in both North America and Europe.

While her primary interest is in the novel, she has also done considerable
research on the historical Dracula, Vlad the Impaler, and has presented
her findings at conferences ranging from the Romanian Embassy in
Washington DC to the Castle Dracula Hotel in the Borgo Pass, Transylvania.

Her articles have been published in Canada, the United States, Great
Britain, Germany, Romania and Brazil. She has been interviewed extensively
for radio and television, and has been featured in numerous newspaper and
magazine articles both at home and abroad.

In 1995, she helped with the organization of the first World Dracula
Congress in Romania; at that conference, she became the first person to be
granted the honorary title "Baroness of the House of Dracula" and her
portrait hangs in the Castle Dracula Hotel.

She is the founder/president of the Canadian Chapter of the Transylvanian
Society of Dracula. In this capacity she organized the Academic Program of
"Dracula 97", the centennial celebration held in Los Angeles in August
1997, offering to the participants over 80 papers on Dracula and vampires
by scholars and researchers from eleven countries.

Her publications include two recent books: REFLECTIONS ON DRACULA (1997)
and DRACULA: THE SHADE AND THE SHADOW (1998). She is currently working on
another entitled DRACULA: SENSE AND NONSENSE, to be released in the year
2000.

 

Spot "The Vampire Lady" at  one of the following public lectures/book
signings taking place at Chapters:

.       Sunday, March 21 at 7 p.m. Chapters, Byward Market, 47 Rideau St.,
Ottawa

.       Monday, March 22 at 7:30 p.m. Chapters, South Keys Shopping
Centre, 2210 Bank St., Ottawa

.       Wednesday, March 24 at 2 p.m. Chapters, Pinecrest Shopping Centre,
2735 Iris St., Ottawa


Donate your blood to Canadian Blood Services... they'll collect it before
midnight!

Canadian Blood Services joins the National Arts Centre Dance Department
for the Royal Winnipeg Ballet's production of Dracula.

Canadian Blood Services (CBS) is a national, not-for-profit charitable
organization whose sole mission is to manage the blood supply in all
provinces and territories outside Quebec. CBS operates 15 blood centres,
two plasma collection centres and countless blood donor clinics, as well
as the bone marrow registry.

The Ottawa Centre services 26 hospitals in the Eastern Ontario region. On
average approximately 1200 units are required each week to meet the high
demand for blood. In Ontario alone, blood or a blood product is used 753
times every single day. The numbers are daunting and they only
add up when you're part of the equation. Please call (613) 236-0199 or
1-800-264-0680 to book your appointment now!

Spot "The Vampire Lady" at the permanent Blood Donor Clinic on Monday,
March 22 at 1:30 p.m. at Canadian Blood Services, 85 Plymouth St., Ottawa


Pick up your tickets for Dracula by Canada's Royal Winnipeg Ballet at the
NAC Box Office or call Ticketmaster at 755-1111 and attend a free pre-show
chat at the National Arts Centre:

Spot "The Vampire Lady" hosting two pre-show chats:
     Wednesday, March 24 at 7:15 p.m. and
     Thursday, March 25 at 7:15 p.m.


Join us at one of these events and make Dracula's visit to Ottawa a
memorable experience.


For Information: Nina La Chapelle, (613) 947-7000, extension 223




